SDK-PHP: Add `Features/Side Effects` block (#2145)
temporalio/documentation: docs/dev-guide/phplang/features.md

Setting `withCronSchedule` turns the Workflow Execution into a Temporal Cron Job.
For more information, see the [PHP samples](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-php/tree/master/app/src/Cron) for example code or the PHP SDK `WorkflowOptions` [source code](https://github.com/temporalio/sdk-php/blob/master/src/Client/WorkflowOptions.php).

## Side Effects

Side Effects are used to execute non-deterministic code, such as generating a UUID or a random number, without compromising deterministic in the Workflow. This is done by storing the non-deterministic results of the Side Effect into the Workflow [Event History](/workflows/#event-history).

A Side Effect does not re-execute during a Replay. Instead, it returns the recorded result from the Workflow Execution Event History.

Side Effects should not fail. An exception that is thrown from the Side Effect causes failure and retry of the current Workflow Task.

An Activity or a Local Activity may also be used instead of a Side effect, as its result is also persisted in Workflow Execution History.

:::note

> You shouldn’t modify the Workflow state inside a Side Effect function, because it is not reexecuted during Replay. Side Effect function should be used to return a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You shouldn’t modify the Workflow state inside a Side Effect, because they are not reexecuted during Replay. Side Effect functions should only return a value, and that value may be used in Workflow code to alter state.
```

:::

> To use a Side Effect in PHP, set the `Workflow::sideEffect()` function in your Workflow Execution and return the non-deterministic code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a Side Effect in PHP, use the `Workflow::sideEffect()` function in your Workflow Definition to run non-deterministic code and return a value.
```
